Add docs for memory optimization options (#2340)
astronomer/astronomer-cosmos: docs/configuration/memory_optimization.rst

Memory Optimization Options for Astronomer Cosmos
==================================================

When running dbt pipelines with Astronomer Cosmos, the framework executes dbt commands that can consume significant memory resources. In high-memory scenarios, tasks may reach a zombie state or workers may be killed due to Out of Memory (OOM) errors, leading to pipeline failures and reduced reliability.

> Cosmos provides various configuration options and execution modes to optimize memory usage, reduce worker resource consumption, and prevent OOM issues. This document outlines these memory optimization strategies, from simple configuration changes to advanced execution modes that can dramatically reduce memory footprint while maintaining or improving pipeline performance.

Author: Added

   from cosmos.config import ProjectConfig, RenderConfig

**Default**: ``False`` (will become default in Cosmos 2.0.0)

-----------------------------------------------------------------

2. Use DBT_MANIFEST Load Mode
------------------------------

**Impact**: High - Avoids running ``dbt ls`` subprocess which can consume significant CPU and memory.

**Configuration**:

.. code-block:: python

   from cosmos.airflow.dag import DbtDag
   from cosmos.config import ProjectConfig, RenderConfig, LoadMode

   DbtDag(
       project_config=ProjectConfig(dbt_project_path="/path/to/dbt/project"),
       render_config=RenderConfig(
           load_method=LoadMode.DBT_MANIFEST,  # Use manifest instead of DBT_LS
       ),
       # ...
   )

**What it does**: Uses pre-compiled ``manifest.json`` file instead of running ``dbt ls`` command, avoiding subprocess overhead and memory usage.

**Requirements**: You need a ``manifest.json`` file (can be generated with ``dbt compile`` or ``dbt run``).

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3. Use DBT_RUNNER Invocation Mode (Default since Cosmos 1.9)
-------------------------------------------------------------

> **Impact**: Medium-High - Reduces subprocess overhead and memory usage compared to subprocess mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Impact**: Medium-High. Depends on the execution and load modes used. Can reduce subprocess overhead and memory usage compared to subprocess mode.
```
